The most important thing I've learned about life is something that I always
took for granted. I grew up with, ah, strong family, their cousins,
their aunts, grandmothers, my mom and my dad and even a brother.
But slowly, I have actually siphon them all off. And right now, I
don't really have a strong family network that I could talk to right
now. I thought, Well, you know what? I'll make a family later on in
the future. And here I am past my forties, and I still, um, don't
have a wife, don't have any kids. And I've been focused so much with
work that I've actually forgotten the things that are most important,
which is developed, that family structure. It's been around me. I
knew that it existed, but maybe I never found the right one. I used
to be married before, and it was to the wrong person. I used to have
girlfriends that were the right people, but I didn't, you know, take
the take the bait. And here I am, you know, like ah kind of kind
of alone. And I think that it's important for me to find someone for
me to make my mark for me to have a kid that I can, you know, pass
my legacy on to for me to have a wife that I can grow old with and make
sure that in your naval career you don't forget those things. And
that's one of the main things that you're fighting for your fighting.
For others, it's true. But don't forget yourself in that others
mix.